We've got a cool prototype.
Everything that we wanted. we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber,. but also something that was gonna jump out at people,. So I think if you put this in the palm of your hand, you'll see what a nice thing we have going here. So, basically, if you hold it like that, the one on your thumb, yeah, the thumb button is the power button. Your index finger is channel up, middle finger is channel down,. and then then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want. but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different.
That certainly does. I have one thing about it, but it's a small thing,. but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one. But, that's I don't see why that's not possible.
Like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family, what, they have two remotes?
Yeah, I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse, and everybody is using right-handed mouse.
I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so
But we can have both
Have them in stock.
I think it's, well, if the RR motto is, we bring fashion to to electronics, I'd say that could be quite fashionable.
And it's got the the black and yellow and blue.
One thing I do need to do we need to look at, is the costs. I could do you know, I can do this on my own or I could do it with you,. but it's just easy enough to go through it with you,. so we're going for the kinetic power. So the case, we've gone for the double curved. and it's made out of rubber. well they're in diff special colours,
We're under budget.
That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make. And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty.
So we evaluate each criteria. And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven,. one being true, so it's it's more like it's fits the criteria,. and seven being as in it doesn't fit the criteria. So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about?
I would give it a seven.
As in it's not.
Oh sorry, one, yeah.
Second criteria, new technology.
Well, the kinetic thing, yeah.
W every everything else was fairly simple, but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new. Maybe three, yeah.
So criteria three is is it easy to use?
Not if you're left-handed it's not.
If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one, but otherwise otherwise a two.
'Kay, criteria four is costs.
It's come in under budget. So that's a definite one. Amount of buttons. Contains only the necessary buttons.
RSI is it good against? Yes. Very good. does it get lost?
I don't think it's gonna get lost easily.
But it is smallish.
I mean, you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically, but
So that's the evaluation,
We've, we've done well.
Number one product.
Okay, I I think I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know, little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it,. and then come together and worked in, you know, integrally, you know, at the right times,. and be you know, has been good communication going on.
During our design I mean there was some some heated heated discussion,. but we we kept we tried to keep it cool and and. Now you guys have been a a great team.
And I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new, something that hasn't been done before,. I think when this meeting's finished like officially, there we'll get a questionnaire to fill in.
I mean, since we saved on the on the production cost, do we know how much we're making on profit? I think actually and one advantage of of this is that after the, you know, after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be a cool remote, you know.
How does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this? The sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that?
I love it. I love it. I think it's cool.
But a a pen with a camera on it, I don't think it's such a new thing. It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff, but as it's not. it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text.
I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that, it's just the first step.